Lowe's

Set 1: 
asked a lot about build gradle
how would we get a private sdk into our application?
what are build variants and flavors?
what are three parts of a dependency?
asked how i felt with compose
what is recomposition
why would we use MVVM over MVP
whats the difference between MutableLiveData and MediatorLiveData?
Recycler view lifecycles and which one diplays the data?
if our recyclerview is being laggy when scrolling, what approach would you do to smooth it out
lifecycle of a ViewModel
how does the ViewModel survive config changes
whats the difference between Thread (old way) and Coroutines today?
difference of RxJava and Coroutines?
asked if i have used NavGraph

Set 2: 

steps to implement fcm
Explain MVVM with Retrofit
How are you utilizing the interface as you mentioned it for apiService
how do you serialize and deserialization of json
how do you handle offline data and how do you sync up once you are online - (room db and work manager)
Do we have work manager in kotlin
why do we use Livedata observers?
Difference between state flow and live data
what have you used in jetcompose?
what is the advantage of using databinding?
Difference between Java and Kotlin
what are scope functions in kotlin
what is sealed class
how inheritance is different from java to kotlin
Does kotlin support multiple inheritance
Did you use coroutines in your project
how do you switch threads in coroutine
types of dispatcher
what is default dispatcher
what is suspend function
what does launch and async return
Android components used in your project (linear layout or constraint layout)
advantage of constraint layout over linear layout
can you explain the constraint layout properties ? (like why is it in the middle when we create a layout and how can we align it to left?)


Set 3:
tell me about your recent project experience?
why are you leaving your current project?
For Api calls what do you use in Android ?
Different Http methods for api calls?
difference between GET and POST
Does GET have body?
How do you send info in get?
how do you implement caching in MVVM?
Have you done Unit tests in project? How did you write it?
